Now that I walked you through the documentation
in the last lecture, let's enhance our project by at least enhancing our build workflow a little bit.
For example, I want to make sure that my Javascript files are minified,
they're not super big but there's no reason to ship them to our production server like this.
So for this I'm going to install a new package, I'm going to open up the terminal for this and run npm
install --save-dev uglify-js which is a popular package to minify
your Javascript code. With that installed,
we can go to the package.json file and add a new script and I'll name it
minify.
Now in the script, I want to execute this uglify.js command,
so this is now available since we install the package.
Side note, this is no typo,
the package was named uglify-js,
the command is named uglify.js. Little bit like with workbox and workbox-cli.
So here, uglify.js takes two inputs in a very simple form and that is first the file we want to minify.
So that could be
public/src/js/app.js, the path is to be seen relative from where you run this command,
so from this package.json file. Then we can add -o to specify the name of the output file
and this can be public/src/js/app.min.js maybe, to indicate it's minified.
So in the same folder sitting next to the original file
and of course, you can set up a more elaborate set up where you have like a build folder and then
an output folder, here I'll manage it in the same.
Now I'll add two options, --compress and --mangle, this defines that it should really
try its best to make it as small as possible and now I can repeat this. So I can copy this full command
and with two and signs, I can change it one more time to do the same not for the app.js file but
for the feed.js file and then repeat it again,
this time not for the app.js file but for the fetch.js file.
So I'm moving through all the Javascript files
and yes of course you can use a more elaborate set up where you manage this in a separate Javascript
file which you execute with Node or where you sculp or something like that.
For this project, this will do though, I'll do the same for IDB and so on, simply just chaining all these
things to make sure I minify all my Javascript files. Material min is already minified,
so I'll continue with the promise
and then finally with my utility.js file. And again, the goal of this practice is not to get you
to write this code for every new project you set up,
you probably want to use a workflow tool like web pack or whatever but I want to show you that
minification is something you should also have in mind when working with service workers.
And if you have a simple project like this one where you don't have many Javascript files, not that uncommon
too,
well then this approach is absolutely fine.
Now with that, we also got our generate-sw command,
so now I'll add a new command which I'll name built and there, I simply want to execute npm run minify
and then followed by npm run
generate-sw. So I first execute this script to minify everything
and then this to create my updated service worker.
However, there is one thing which wouldn't work as expected right now,
do you know which? Well we're creating a bunch of new Javascript files and remember, what are we
precaching?
Let's have a look at our config.
We precache all Javascript files,
now that of course is bad because this means we also precache the old files, not the minified ones
and I only want to use the minified ones,
so I have to make two adjustments. First in the index.html file, I have to make sure I only load the
minified files by simply adding .min on all of them since that's what I renamed them after
uglifying, the same in the help index.html file, there
I also want to load the minified versions. Now that's one step
but of course I need to make sure I only cache the minified versions then.
There's no sense in caching the original versions,
I don't even load them, so they will just occupy occupy the cache unnecessarily.
Now this can be achieved by simply going in there and getting rid of Javascript in this globPattern
so that it doesn't add all Javascript files.
Instead, I'll add a new pattern where I'll say in the source Javascript folder, I want to cache all files
which end with
.min.js,
so now I should only precache the minified files.
Now with that, let's take advantage of our new build command here by running npm run build and now it should
minify everything and then generate the new service worker.
So this takes a couple of seconds, with it finished,
let's have a look at the new service worker, there
if we have a look at the precached files, we see it's indeed only precaching the
Javascript files with .min in it.
So with npm start still running,
so our development server still running,
I can go back to my application, clear my storage,
wouldn't even need to do that
but no matter. Reload the page twice to also have dynamic caching in place
and now let's have a look at our cache storage. There in the precaching storage,
we see we only got the min versions, so now if we go offline, does it still work?
That still looks good to me,
everything working as before even though it's now minified.
So this is now our improved application with our own,
at least see my build process with minification in place and with our old service worker which now
only caches the minified assets.